feat: add multi index searching and filtering (#674)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/options.rst

This key should be assigned a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents an external index.
Each entry must contain a display name and the URL of the documentation to be included.

**Example:**

.. code-block:: python

    html_theme_options = {
        "search_extra_sources": [
            {"name": "PyMAPDL", "url": "https://mapdl.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/"},
            {"name": "PyAnsys", "url": "https://docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/"},
        ],
    }

Search filters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To organize and group search results, you can define custom filters using the ``search_filters`` key.
This key should be a dictionary where each key represents a filter label and the corresponding value is a list of directories or file paths that belong to that filter.

**Example:**

.. code-block:: python

    html_theme_options = {
        "search_filters": {
            "User Guide": [
                "user-guide/",
                "getting-started/",
                "index/",
            ],
            "Release Notes": ["changelog"],
            "Examples": ["examples/"],
            "Contributing": ["contribute/"],
        },
    }

> The filters will appear as clickable options in the search interface, allowing users to refine their results by content type.

Author: ```suggestion
The filters appears as clickable options in the search interface, allowing users to refine their results by content type.
```
